wip: refactor private-ppa-install page (#562)
canonical/launchpad-manual: docs/user/how-to/packaging/private-ppa-install.rst

Install software from private PPAs
==================================

There are two types of Personal Package Archive: public PPAs and private
PPAs. Private PPAs are great for people who want to control who can

> install their software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of Personal Package Archives: public PPAs and private
PPAs. Anyone can install software from a public PPA, but you can only install
software from a Private PPA with the owner's permission.
```

To access a Private PPA, you'll need to contact its owner and ask for a

> subscription. It's up to the Private PPA's owner how they decide to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subscription. It's up to the Private PPA's owner to decide the criteria used to
```

Once you've accepted the offer, Launchpad will generate a unique
password that gives you access to the archive.

> Add the private PPA to Ubuntu

Reviewer: I think `Add the private PPA to Ubuntu` casts a wide net. Ubuntu can be many things including the Ubuntu archive. I think this should be something like `Add a private PPA to the sources list on Ubuntu` or something similar so it's obvious we're talking about the Ubuntu OS installation.

Author: Applied your suggestion. We don't need to explicitly mention ubuntu here since it's mentioned in the tabs.

------------------------------

Ubuntu uses the Debian system of software archives, also called
repositories. Private PPAs are like any other Debian-style software
archive, except that each subscriber has their own unique password.

* Check your subscriptions in the `archive subscriptions
  <https://launchpad.net/people/+me/+archivesubscriptions>`__
  page and get the name of the archive you want to add. It should be
  something like ``ppa:user/ppa-name``.

> * Then, run the ``add-apt-repository``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run ``add-apt-repository``
```
